<div align="center" >
    <h1 style="margin:0px"> UWPC </h1>
    <hr style="margin:0px">
    <h2 style="margin:0px"> Question 6 </h2>
    <h3 style="margin:0px"> Save Money, Live Better </h3>
</div>
<br>
A company is planning to interview 2n people. Given the array costs where costs[i] = [aCosti, bCosti], the cost of flying the ith person to city a is aCosti, and the cost of flying the ith person to city b is bCosti.

Return the minimum cost to fly every person to a city such that exactly n people arrive in each city.

#### Input
 - Multiple lines of integers, representing the costs of flying each person to city A and city B respectively.

#### Output
 - A single integer, representing the minimum cost to fly every person to a city such that exactly n people arrive in each city.

<hr>

#### Sample 1
##### Input
```
10 20
30 200
400 50
30 20
```
##### Output
```
110
```
**Explanation**: 
- The first person goes to city A for a cost of 10.
- The second person goes to city A for a cost of 30.
- The third person goes to city B for a cost of 50.
- The fourth person goes to city B for a cost of 20.
- The total minimum cost is 10 + 30 + 50 + 20 = 110 to have half the people interviewing in each city.
#### Sample 2
##### Input
```
259 770
448 54
926 667
184 139
840 118
577 469
```
##### Output
```
1859
```
**Explanation**: 
- The first person goes to city A for a cost of 259.
- The second person goes to city B for a cost of 54.
- The third person goes to city B for a cost of 667.
- The fourth person goes to city B for a cost of 139.
- The fifth person goes to city B for a cost of 118.
- The sixth person goes to city B for a cost of 469.
- The total minimum cost is 259 + 54 + 667 + 139 + 118 + 469 = 1859 to have half the people interviewing in each city.
#### Sample 3
##### Input
```
515 563
451 713
537 709
343 819
855 779
457 60
650 359
631 42
```
##### Output
```
3086
```
**Explanation**: 
- The first person goes to city A for a cost of 515.
- The second person goes to city A for a cost of 451.
- The third person goes to city A for a cost of 537.
- The fourth person goes to city A for a cost of 343.
- The fifth person goes to city B for a cost of 779.
- The sixth person goes to city B for a cost of 60.
- The seventh person goes to city B for a cost of 359.
- The eighth person goes to city B for a cost of 42.
- The total minimum cost is 515 + 451 + 537 + 343 + 779 + 60 + 359 + 42 = 3086 to have half the people interviewing in each city.