<div align="center" >
    <h1 style="margin:0px"> UWPC Practice </h1>
    <hr style="margin:0px">
    <h2 style="margin:0px"> Question 10 </h2>
    <h3 style="margin:0px"> Bornais Empire's Private Airport </h3>
</div>
<br>
Jeremie, the diligent airport manager of the Bornais Empire's private airport, is facing a unique challenge in scheduling airplane takeoffs. The airport operates from in variable hours as is the nature of private travel, and Jeremie wants to ensure the most efficient use of runway time. Each airplane requires precisely 1 hour and 15 minutes to complete its takeoff procedure.

Jeremie is seeking your expertise to optimize the takeoff schedule. He provides you with two time representations in the format "hh:mm." The first time represents the airport's opening time, and the second represents the closing time for the day. Jeremie is keen to know the maximum number of planes that can take off within this time frame.

Write a function that calculates the maximum number of flights that can depart during the specified time period. Consider that each flight necessitates the full 1 hour and 15 minutes for takeoff.

Implement your solution to help Jeremie schedule airplane takeoffs efficiently. Your function should return the maximum number of flights that can take off within the given time constraints.

#### Input
 - 2 timestamps will be given sperated by a space, each time will be in 24H time (00:00-23:59)
   - The first timestamps will be the open time
   - The second timestamps will be the close time

#### Output
 - 1 integer that defines how many flights can be take off in the time span given

<hr>

#### Sample 1
##### Input
```
09:22 23:59
```
##### Output
```
11
```
**Explanation**: Jeremie can schedule 10 flights during the hours of operation, each occupying a full 1-hour 15-minute slot.


#### Sample 2
##### Input
```
08:00 09:15
```
##### Output
```
1
```

**Explanation**: In this short morning window, only one flight can take off before the airport's busy hours begin.